CSRP V3 RELEASE 

LAW ENFORCEMENT REVAMP
Our excellent enforcement departments have received a much-needed re-haul.
With new vehicle models, new livery designs, and new uniforms, our departments 
in CSRP are some of the best that FiveM offers. There is no better time to join
an LEO department!

SKATEBOARDS
Skateboards are now in-game! We have created a skateboard script allowing you to
spawn and ride a skateboard. Type /skateboard and skateboard will appear in your 
hand with a prompt.

PIGGY BACK 
Now, you can piggyback with a friend! Type /piggyback in chat near another play. and
you can run around while riding the back of another player!

GUN STORE REVAMP 
Our gun stores have been a staple in reducing RDM and making the weapon experience realistic. Now, all gun stores feature a custom interior, and weapons will
now appear on the counter instead of the wall!

YELLOW JACK REVAMP
After a community vote, we have decided to bring back the OG style of the Yellow
Jack. Not only does the original style come back, but a second floor has been
revamped to feature a rustic style for an even better roleplay experience.

REPAIR SHOP REVAMP
Repairing your vehicle used to be a simple command,and you'd continue driving.
Now this experience is in-depth! You can type /repair at any mechanic shop, and an
NPC will spawn and repair your engine. This brings a realistic experience when
repairing your vehicle, instead of typing a command and driving away.

CRASHING PHYSICS
Crashing your vehicle is no longer the same. Now if you launch your car off a high
area and land, tires will fall off your vehicle, making it harder to drive! This creation
brings an even better realistic experience when crashing your car.

MISC UPDATES
-Sandy PD is now back.
-Legion gun store is now open to the public
-LEO can now select a player before cuffing & dragging.
-Cuffing & dragging has new animations.
-Enhanced Civilian can now seat players through the F5 menu.
-The loading screen has now been revamped entirely. 
-Mass DVs will now show the total number of cars deleted.
-Pushing vehicles is now smoother with a revamped version.
-Players can now save a wheel position when exiting. Hold ctrl, position the wheel &
exit.
-Safe zones now have a green circle on the map.
-Major performance boost at Grove with the removal of the interiors.
-Major performance boost in Sandy & Paleto with the removal of motels.
